I had taken a class called "Writing & Rhetoric" during my freshman year of college at Olivet College. We had to write an argumentative essay. My topic that I chose was about zoos. In this essay, I explained the pros and cons of zoos. I am not for zoos, however I am not completely against them. In this essay, I had many points of why zoos are not beneficial to wild animals. However, the grading rubric had a limit on words. I understand that having a limit of word count will keep writers from going off-topic rather than hitting the main points. Unfortunately, I had to take out a couple of main points from my essay because it caused me to exceed the word limit. After receiving my poor grade for this essay, I was obviously upset. My dilemma was, get points taken off for not gaving enough evidence to back up my argument, or have points taken off for exceed the word limit. There was nothing that I could do, but despite my poor letter grade, I still felt very knowledgable on the topic of zoos. 

Although I do not always agree, I believe that grades represent the knowledge of that specific assignment, unit, test, class, etc. There are times where I felt that I had complete knowledge of an assignment however I did not receieve that grade I thought I deserved. However, there are also many times where I feel that I did not deserve to have a good grade because I would do the bare minimum to "get an A". I do agree that grades create a preference for the easiest possible task, specifically when the class does not interest me. In math classes, whenever I get a final answer I always ask myself, "does this answer make sense?" However, with a Gen Ed class for example, I get an answer and move on because I do not care to learn it and just care about passing the class with an A. 

I feel as though more people would be higher educated because then kids would read and learn topics, expanding their interest and motivation for the brain. They would come home from school and say "Mom Dad, guess what I learned at school today!" This is why visual learning is such a high demand in education because kids are more engaged in learning cool facts rather than reading a worksheet, writing answers, then turning it in for a grade. Knowledge is invaluable. With more knowledge, people are smarter, more motivated and happier with life. More people will chase their dreams rather than be content with their everyday job. I feel as though I learned more knowledge from watching the movie, Moneyball, than my 4 years of math that I took in highschool. Watching that movie made me realize what I want to do with the rest of my life, I gained knowledge on the power of statistics and how it is used with everything and anything imaginable.

I was taking a class last year called "Social Problems". Every two weeks, we had to do a reading and answer 15-20 questions from the reading. The worksheet assisted us with the page numbers of where you could locate the answers to the problems. We were allowed to collaborate with classmates during this assignment. So, as my dad always says, "work smarter not harder". Hence, a classmate and I would work together on these problems. I would do the first 10 problems, and he would do the last 10 problems. We would go straight to the page number to find the answers instead of completely reading the book to gain full knowledge. I would go this route because if I can get the same grade for looking up the answers rather than taking hours upon my day to find the answer, then I thought that I would be wasting my time. It is until now that I realized I had lost out on knowledge consequently for a good grade.
